c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\dmytro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
F:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1_LAST\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Reg\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
H:\SERVER_SIDE\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\XmlDocument.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Azure.AppService.ApiApps.Service.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
C:\Users\Dmytro\Desktop\WebApplication1+Auth(17.4.17)\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
